Objective:
To conduct the functional analysis of the protein
the protein is serine endoprotease
Function :  a surface protease responsible for the housekeeping of exported proteins and plays a role in stress resistance during active exponential growth.

Now to check the conserved domains in the protein, NCBI-CDD was performed.
Conserved Domain Database (CDD) analysis revealed the presence of a degP_htrA_DO spanning amino acids 44-461, with a highly significant E-value (<1e-50), indicating a complete and functional protein.

Now to get insights of the domains ,Interpro database was used.
InterPro analysis shows that the 466-aa protein belongs to the HtrA-related serine protease family (Peptidase S1C) and contains multiple domains: 2 PDZ and one trypsin like serine protease domain.

To check the location of the protein, whether ,its a cytosplasmic protein or not , Signalip data base was used.
The protein is a classical Sec-dependent secreted protein. The first 22 amino acids act as a signal peptide, which are cleaved off. The rest of the protein is mature and functional. It is not cytoplasmic and not a lipoprotein(as the values were close to zero).

to confirm the location of the protein, psortb was utilised.
The protein was identifies to be a periplasmic protein.

further,for the domain analysis ,SMART data base was utlised.
Trypsin domain (aa 66–242) and Trypsin_2 domain (aa 85–219) indicate that the protein has a serine protease function,Two PDZ domains were detected: the first (aa 269–337) with high confidence (E-value 9.01e-08), and the second (aa 364–454) with lower confidence (E-value 8.37).
Collectively, the mature protein appears to contain a functional protease domain and protein interaction modules.

Homology searches identified several structural and sequence homologues of the protein. The Trypsin domain shows strong similarity to experimentally characterized serine proteases (e.g., PDB:8K2Y, SCOP:8073979)

further,for the better understanding about the protein and its interactions, STRING database was used
The predicted patrners include histidine kinases(hk25,hk28,and hk45) ,suggesting the protein's role in stress responsive signal transduction pathways.







